# CS300
What was the problem you were solving in the projects for this course? For project one, the problem was to apply any non-coding development methods to outline a specific algorithm design, and it was meant to evaluate complicated data structures to solve the problems with an advanced algorithm designs. The scenario revolved around the academic advisors in the Computer Science department at ABCU, and they ary wanted to expand the pseudocode that was designed previously, to respond to two different iteams that can help accomplish a program, its main goals were to; print a list of all the computer science courses, presented in an alphanumeric order. And for any given course, its title and prerequisites are given. Project two revolved around developing codes using algorithms and data structures to solve any basic programming issues, it was meant for the Computer Science department at ABCU would like assistance with writing code for an application so that their department advisors can use it when they talk to students. 

How did you approach the problem? Consider why data structures are important to understand. I approached the first and the second projects in a very similar way, I approached both projects by analyzing the requirements that the project is asking for, and understanding what each of those requirements really meant. 

How did you overcome any roadblocks you encountered while going through the activities or project? The biggest problems that I encountered throughout this course, and these projects was its level of difficulty. Trying to fully understand the projects and what was required was difficult, and writing out the codes in a correct manner was a slight problem as well. The only way to get through these issues were to read through the requirements carefully, and consider all the elements thoroughly. 

How has your work on this project expanded your approach to designing software and developing programs? I was able to learn different skillsets that I was originally unfamilar with, which has grown my understanding and knowledge regarding the topic. 

How has your work on this project evolved the way you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? I think I have been able to learn the different ways of creating programs that are understandable and easy to access by the users as I have seen the different scenarios' requirements. 
